README.md, before:

# ControleFVoix

Extension Project to help find specific words in audio content

## Compatibility and requirements

Currently, development is aimed for Google Chrome compatibility

## Structure

The project is divided in 2 main parts:

- The translator, which takes an URL and a search string, download the file at that url, convert it to a .wav file and then pulls out the timestamp where the search string was recognized in the .wav file.

- The extension package, a small tool to extract video from a page and to prompt the user for a search string.

## Workflow

### How to install the plugin

1. Run the backend locally
2. Go to chrome://extensions on chrome
3. Click on the Developer mode checkbox
4. Click on Load Unpacked
5. Select the frontend folder of this project

### How to run the backend locally

1. Install Docker
2. Create a docker build (in terminal: docker build /PATH_TO_DOCKERFILE)
3. Run the docker (in terminal: docker run -P -d THE_IMAGE_NAME_GENERATED_BY_THE_BUILD)
    - -d make it run in a separeted terminal
    - the image name will be a random serie of character

## Sources

Requirements:
- Docker
- Chrome

## Sources

Githubs for libraries that enabled this project
- https://github.com/Uberi/speech_recognition

## Short-term goals

Add youtube
Create a nicer GUI on google chrome
Adapt the extension for any web browser
Make sur that the software can work with multiple tab
Allow for many different video on the same page
Add a button that reload the script on the page -- not necessary
Optimize the AI (in my test run watching the 10 sec video is quicker than running the AI)
Add unit test to python backend
Add a config.file

Save a prebuilt image of the API on dockerhub?
Make infrastructure as code with terraform?
Maybe we could replace speechrecognition directly by pocketsphinx?

Commit message:

a working and integrated frontend and backend

README.md, after:

# ControleFVoix

Extension Project to help find specific words in audio content

## Compatibility and requirements

Currently, development is aimed for Google Chrome compatibility

## Structure

The project is divided in 2 main parts:

- The translator, which takes an URL and a search string, download the file at that url, convert it to a .wav file and then pulls out the timestamp where the search string was recognized in the .wav file.

- The extension package, a small tool to extract video from a page and to prompt the user for a search string.

## Workflow

### How to install the plugin

1. Run the backend locally
2. Go to chrome://extensions on chrome
3. Click on the Developer mode checkbox
4. Click on Load Unpacked
5. Select the frontend folder of this project

### How to run the backend locally

1. Install Docker
2. Create a docker build (in terminal: docker build /PATH_TO_DOCKERFILE)
3. Run the docker (in terminal: docker run -P -d THE_IMAGE_NAME_GENERATED_BY_THE_BUILD)
    - -d make it run in a separeted terminal
    - the image name will be a random serie of character

## Sources

Requirements:
- Docker
- Chrome

## Sources

Githubs for libraries that enabled this project
- https://github.com/Uberi/speech_recognition

## Short-term goals

Add youtube
Create a nicer GUI on google chrome
Adapt the extension for any web browser
Make sur that the software can work with multiple tab
Allow for many different video on the same page
Add a button that reload the script on the page -- not necessary
Optimize the AI (in my test run watching the 10 sec video is quicker than running the AI)
Add unit test to python backend
Add a config.file
Replace print/console.log by logger 
readContent.searchIt/getUrl could benefit from subfonction for frontend capabilities
content.searchVid should have it's code separeted in subfonction by webpage/url (default, youtube, etc.)

Save a prebuilt image of the API on dockerhub?
Make infrastructure as code with terraform?
Maybe we could replace speechrecognition directly by pocketsphinx?
